fix(cloud-iox): schema design corrections (closes #4851): (#4888)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-iox/write-data/best-practices/schema-design.md

- [Avoid sparse schemas](#avoid-sparse-schemas)
- [Measurement schemas should be homogenous](#measurement-schemas-should-be-homogenous)

### Avoid wide schemas

A wide schema is one with many tags and fields and corresponding columns for each.

> In InfluxDB IOx, wide schemas don't impact query execution performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the InfluxDB IOx storage engine, wide schemas don't impact query execution performance.
```
